update Nextcloud container to php 8.1 and alpine 3.17 (#2605)
nextcloud/all-in-one: readme.md

### How to add OS packages permanently to the Nextcloud container?
Some Nextcloud apps require additional external dependencies that must be bundled within Nextcloud container in order to work correctly. As we cannot put each and every dependency for all apps into the container - as this would make the project very fast unmaintainable - there is an official way how you can add additional dependencies into the Nextcloud container. However note that doing this is disrecommended since we do not test Nextcloud apps that require external dependencies. 

> You can do so by adding `--env NEXTCLOUD_ADDITIONAL_APKS="imagemagick dependency2 dependency3"` to the docker run command of the mastercontainer (but before the last line `nextcloud/all-in-one:latest`! If it was started already, you will need to stop the mastercontainer, remove it (no data will be lost) and recreate it using the docker run command that you initially used) and customize the value to your fitting. It must be a string with small letters a-z, digits 0-9, spaces, dots and hyphens or '_'. You can find available packages here: https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/packages?name=&branch=v7&repo=&arch=&maintainer=. By default added is `imagemagick`. If you want to keep that, you need to specify it as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do so by adding `--env NEXTCLOUD_ADDITIONAL_APKS="imagemagick dependency2 dependency3"` to the docker run command of the mastercontainer (but before the last line `nextcloud/all-in-one:latest`! If it was started already, you will need to stop the mastercontainer, remove it (no data will be lost) and recreate it using the docker run command that you initially used) and customize the value to your fitting. It must be a string with small letters a-z, digits 0-9, spaces, dots and hyphens or '_'. You can find available packages here: https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/packages?branch=v3.17. By default added is `imagemagick`. If you want to keep that, you need to specify it as well.
```

Author: Thanks!
